Updating to use auto for versioning and publishing to NPM (#98)
JupiterOne/integration-template: README.md

The history of this integration's development can be viewed at
[CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

## Versioning this project

This project is versioned using [auto](https://intuit.github.io/auto/).

> Versioning and publishing to NPM are now handled via adding tags to pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versioning and publishing to NPM are now handled via adding GitHub label to pull
```

requests. The following tags should be used for this process:

- patch
- minor
- major
- release

For each pull request, the degree of change should be registered by applying the

> appropriate tag of patch, minor, or major. This allows the repository to keep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appropriate label of patch, minor, or major. This allows the repository to keep
```

appropriate label of patch, minor, or major. This allows the repository to keep
track of the highest degree of change since the last release. When ready to
publish to NPM, the PR should have both its appropriate patch, minor, or major
label applied as well as a release label. The release label will denote to the
system that we need to publish to NPM and will correctly version based on the
highest degree of change since the last release, package the project, and
publish it to NPM.

In order to successfully version and publish to NPM we need access to two
secrets: a valid NPM token for publishing and a GitHub token for querying the
repo and pushing version changes. For JupiterOne projects please put in a ticket
with security to have the repository correctly granted access. For external
projects, please provide secrets with access to your own NPM and GitHub
accounts. The secret names should be set to NPM_AUTH_TOKEN and
AUTO_GITHUB_PAT_TOKEN respectively (or the action can be updated to accomodate
different naming conventions).

We are not currently using the functionality for auto to update the CHANGELOG.

> As such, please remember to update CHANGELOG.md with the appropriate version,

Reviewer 2: Why not enable this? CHANGELOG updating is one of the things that causes the most frequent merge conflicts. It would help us push people to construct better commit messages too.

Reviewer 3: I agree this is the direction we should be moving toward.

Author: When first looking into `auto` I polled the group and there was a bit of heartburn on enabling CHANGELOG updating out of the gate.  I can shoot you both the link in Slack to the conversation if you'd like to review it in detail. I agree it's where we should be headed. We'll just want to make sure we have an appropriate amount of detail in our commit messages and PR titles when we enable it.

Plus, it's a one line configuration change that can be made on a per-repo basis, so it's not anything we'd need the custom GitHub action to change.
